Now we have the idioms, expressions and
slangs lesson
So, the first one is Kicked the bucket
Kicked the bucket
Kicked es patear Kicked, kick, patear
Kicked, pasado, pateó The bucket, bucket
es un balde
So, kicked the bucket Significa, se murió
So, kicked the bucket Say with me, kicked
the bucket Pretty good, excellent Again,
kicked the bucket Pretty nice, example
sentence The last manager kicked the
bucket following an attack Wow
Pronto, pronto
Esta es una que vas a escuchar y
significa rápidamente, ok?
Lo que para nosotros en español significa pronto
Es como una palabra que se han cogido del
español para decirla en inglés
¿Listo?
Pronto, rápidamente Look, I just drank my
weight in Sunny D and I gotta go pronto
Look, I just drank my weight in Sunny D
and I gotta go pronto Now, shut up Shut
up Say it with me
Shut up Pretty good, once again
Shut up
So, eso es hablar con alguien ¿Sí?
De una manera casual, común, etcétera
Amigable Example sentence They sent in
the lady
The cleaning lady
To chat up
The candidates Ok Next one
On the sly
Say it with me
On the sly Pretty good, excellent So, it
means Secretly Secretamente On the sly
Example sentence To shut up The
candidates On the sly To shut up The
candidates On the sly The sly Next one
Chill encounters Chill encounters
Es similar a encuentros casuales Pero
esta vez es como de relajación De una
vida más amigable
Ok So, chill es la palabra más clave aquí
Chill encounters Say it with me Chill
encounters Pretty good, excellent Once
again Chill encounters Pretty nice Great
job Example sentence The chats Seemed
like Chill encounters Next one Grabbed up
Grabbed up Grabbed up Grabbed up es
concluir Ok Que concluyó en pasado
Concluyó grabbed up Grabbed up presente
Grabbed up pasado So, after she grabbed
up Her undercover mission After she
grabbed up Her undercover mission After
she grabbed up Her undercover mission Say
it with me Grabbed up Pretty good Once
again Grabbed up Pretty good Next one
Gave her scoop Gave her scoop It means
that she gave her version Or her report
Yo su versión O su infotome Gave Her
scoop Gave her scoop Say it with me Gave
her scoop You Pretty good Nice Once again
Gave her scoop Really good Great So Gave
her scoop The cleaning lady Gave her
scoop The candidates The candidates Had
been assigned As the new manager They
dropped the bomb Announcing one of the candidates
As the new manager They dropped the bomb
Announcing one of the new candidates
Was the new manager Pretty good Pretty
good So that was everything for today And
I'll see you in the next one See you in
the next one God bless you I'll see you
in the next one God bless youび You
Gracias por ver el video.